---
published: true
---
## S3938334 Nguyen Xuan Nghi 
## I declare that in submitting all work for this assessment I have read, understood and agree to the content and expectations of the Assessment declaration.

## In our second week, the librarian started the lesson by explaining that scholarly sources are written by experts so they are extremely useful in academic writing and reliable. We were asked to test Google Scholar and compare it with normal Google. Since no one of us used Google Scholar, I and my friends were confused because we didn’t know what it is and how to access it so we just waited for her to say the answer. I learnt that Google Scholar only shows research outcomes while normal Google shows all types of results from videos to irrelevant writings. The librarian showed us a book title, and asked us to search for it on RMIT library, which is easy because there are just a few results. But it’s not always the case because for other topics, there are tons of articles and reports, making searching difficult. To narrow your search, use “AND”, “NOT”, to expand, “OR”, synonyms and truncations can be used (Nguyen 2021). We moved on to plagiarism and learnt that it’s basically copying other people’s work. Plagiarism can ruin your exams and career, I chose a career in food technology so if I stole the research outcomes of other people, I would be sued and even fired, and it’s bad because getting the money to compensate the victims and recover my reputation are impossible. That’s why we learnt how to prevent consequences by referencing, especially Harvard, IEEE style for engineering and APA for psychology. Teacher proceeded to ask us to make a few examples of APA and IEEE citations. We weren’t happy because referencing to us is a new concept so we didn’t know how to do any of them, we stayed quiet. This is why my future plan is to improve my referencing skills. I wanted to learn food technology so I will read researches about it and use IEEE style to reference 5 articles I read in 1 day. By using easy cite or RMIT library citation, I can check if I’m right or not. I will also sit down with a librarian to check.

## Reference:

## Nguyen, T 2021, ‘Library resources & services Research skills’, lecture notes, NONE4763, RMIT University, viewed 26 April 2022, 
## <https://rmit.instrucutre.com/courses/101192/pages/t2-learning-materials?module_item_id=3903775>
